GNEISS grants developers that contribute a open-source hard copyleft license, subject to these Terms which can also be found at https://gneiss.io/assests/document/GNEISS_Open_Source_License.pdf, to access and use the Services, and the content, materials, information and functionality available in connection therewith only by approved purposes as permitted by GNEISS. Any other use of the Services or Content is expressly prohibited. All other rights in the Platform or Content are reserved by us and our licensors. You will not otherwise copy, transmit, distribute, sell, resell, license, de-compile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify, publish, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, perform, display, incorporate into another website, or in any other way exploit any of the Content or any other part of the Services or any derivative works thereof, in whole or in part for commercial or non-commercial purposes. Without limiting the foregoing, you will not frame or display the Site or Content (or any portion thereof) as part of any other web site or any other work of authorship without the prior written permission of GNEISS. If you violate any portion of these Terms, your permission to access and use the Platform may be terminated pursuant to these Terms. In addition, we reserve the right to all remedies available at law and in equity for any such violation. “GNEISS.io”, “GNEISS”, and all logos related to the Services or displayed on the Site are either trademarks or registered marks of GNEISS or its licensor. You may not copy, imitate or use them without GNEISS’s prior written consent.